Using the RAND function in the UPDATE query (#9153)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/t-sql/functions/rand-transact-sql.md

> meta---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
```

  
```sql  
SELECT RAND(100), RAND(), RAND()   
```

>   When using RAND() function in an UPDATE or INSERT query, all affected rows get the same value. For example, when the following query is run, all values in the RANDEXAMPLES table will be updated to the same result.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using the RAND() function in an UPDATE or INSERT query, all affected rows get the same value. For example, when the following query is run, all values for the `RandValue` column in the `RandExamples` table are updated to the same value.

```

>   ```sql

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```sql
```

> UPDATE RANDEXAMPLES SET RANDVALUE = RAND()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
UPDATE RandExamples SET RandValue = RAND();
```
